DOC-15477: Product Change- PR #156905 - sql: Record statement stats for statements executed in UDFs / SPs (#21621)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v26.1/stored-procedures.md

For details, see [`CREATE PROCEDURE`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/create-procedure.md %}).

## Statement statistics

SQL statements executed within stored procedures are tracked in the SQL statistics subsystem and will appear in the [**SQL Activity** > **Statements**]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/ui-statements-page.md %}) page and the [**Insights**]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/ui-insights-page.md %}) page in the DB Console. This allows you to monitor the performance and execution statistics of individual statements within your procedures.

> These statements will also appear in the [**Transaction details**]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/ui-transactions-page.md %}#transaction-details-page) in the **Statement Fingerprints** table when the stored procedure is invoked as part of a transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the stored procedure is invoked as part of a transaction, the statements executed within the procedure will also appear in the [**Transaction details**]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/ui-transactions-page.md %}#transaction-details-page) in the **Statement Fingerprints** table.
```
